His Royal Highness
The closest person in the world
Zhuji Pingshen
Excuse me, Your Highness
Song Yi, congratulations.
This courtier does not know that His Royal Highness the Crown Prince is here in person
There is a long way to welcome
His Highness Wangdiandian forgives his sins
It doesn't matter that His Highness Ben is here to take a look
You can entertain the ministers well, yes.
Get up, thank you Your Highness
Nian Nian, how could this Crown Prince come here in person?
Could it be that you specially prepared a surprise for me?
Of course.
His Royal Highness
It should be for the sake of Wang Jianguo's kung fu
That's why I came
Oops
You are so kind to me haha
Is this the husband of the little junior sister?
Not so good
Di Chen, do you think so?
Xiao Hey
What does the White King do?
I see.
Little Junior Sister is the sect master of our next elves
Special status
You need four elves to gather to trigger the dragon pattern intention
We can only recognize each other after thoroughly confirming the identity.
so as not to create extra complications
Brother, is that so?
Good to know
Let's wait for Qi Siming
He should be here soon.
So stylish
Husband is amazing
And wearing the clothes I made
He's really a bumpkin who has no knowledge
There's a good show today